## InstanceTracker<span class="tag">class</span><a class="sourcelink" href=https://github.com/fastestimator/fastestimator/blob/r1.2/fastestimator/trace/xai/instance_tracker.py/#L26-L137>View source on Github</a>
```python
InstanceTracker(
	index: str,
	metric: str,
	n_max_to_keep: int=5,
	n_min_to_keep: int=5,
	list_to_keep: Union[Iterable[Any], NoneType]=None,
	epoch_frequency: int=1,
	mode: Union[NoneType, str, Set[str]]='eval',
	outputs: Union[str, NoneType]=None
)
```
A Trace to track metrics by instances, for example per-instance loss over time during training.

Use this in conjunction with ImageViewer or ImageSaver to see the graph at training end. This also automatically
integrates with Traceability reports.


<h3>Args:</h3>


* **index**: A key containing data indices to track over time.

* **metric**: The key of the metric by which to score data.

* **n_max_to_keep**: At the end of training, the n samples with the highest metric score will be plotted.

* **n_min_to_keep**: At the end of training, the n samples with the lowest metric score will be plotted.

* **list_to_keep**: A list of particular indices to pay attention to. This can be used in addition to `n_max_to_keep` and/or `n_min_to_keep`, or set those to zero to only track specific indices.

* **epoch_frequency**: How frequently to collect data. Increase this value to reduce ram consumption.

* **mode**: What mode(s) to execute this Trace in. For example, "train", "eval", "test", or "infer". To execute regardless of mode, pass None. To execute in all modes except for a particular one, you can pass an argument like "!infer" or "!train".

* **outputs**: The name of the output which will be generated by this trace at the end of training. If None then it will default to "<metric>_by_<index>". 

<h3>Raises:</h3>


* **ValueError**: If `n_max_to_keep` or `n_min_to_keep` are invalid.

