## LabelTracker<span class="tag">class</span><a class="sourcelink" href=https://github.com/fastestimator/fastestimator/blob/r1.2/fastestimator/trace/xai/label_tracker.py/#L27-L136>View source on Github</a>
```python
LabelTracker(
	label: str,
	metric: str,
	label_mapping: Union[Dict[str, Any], NoneType]=None,
	bounds: Union[NoneType, str, Iterable[Union[str, NoneType]]]='std',
	mode: Union[NoneType, str, Set[str]]='eval',
	outputs: Union[str, NoneType]=None
)
```
A Trace to track metrics grouped by labels, for example per-class loss over time during training.

Use this in conjunction with ImageViewer or ImageSaver to see the graph at training end. This also automatically
integrates with Traceability reports.


<h3>Args:</h3>


* **label**: The key of the labels by which to group data.

* **metric**: The key of the metric by which to score data.

* **label_mapping**: A mapping of {DisplayName: LabelValue} to use when generating the graph. This can also be used to limit which label values are graphed, since any label values not included here will not be graphed. A None value will monitor all label values.

* **bounds**: What error bounds should be graphed around the mean value. Options include None, 'std' for standard deviation, and 'range' to plot (min_value, mean, max_value). Multiple values can be specified, ex. ['std', 'range'] to generate multiple graphs.

* **mode**: What mode(s) to execute this Trace in. For example, "train", "eval", "test", or "infer". To execute regardless of mode, pass None. To execute in all modes except for a particular one, you can pass an argument like "!infer" or "!train".

* **outputs**: The name of the output which will be generated by this trace at the end of training. If None then it will default to "<metric>_by_<label>". 

<h3>Raises:</h3>


* **ValueError**: If `bounds` is not one of the allowed options.

