## PBMCalibrator<span class="tag">class</span><a class="sourcelink" href=https://github.com/fastestimator/fastestimator/blob/r1.2/fastestimator/trace/adapt/pbm_calibrator.py/#L30-L109>View source on Github</a>
```python
PBMCalibrator(
	true_key: str,
	pred_key: str,
	output_name: Union[str, NoneType]=None,
	save_path: Union[str, NoneType]=None,
	save_if_key: Union[str, NoneType]=None,
	mode: Union[str, Set[str]]='eval'
)
-> None
```
A trace to generate a PlattBinnerMarginalCalibrator given a set of predictions.

Unlike many common calibration error correction algorithms, this one has actual theoretical bounds on the quality
of its output: https://arxiv.org/pdf/1909.10155v1.pdf. This trace is commonly used together with the Calibrate
NumpyOp for postprocessing. This trace will collect data from whichever `mode` it is set to run on in order to
perform empirical probability calibration. The calibrated predictions will be output on epoch end. The trained
calibration function will also be saved if `save_path` is provided.


<h3>Args:</h3>


* **true_key**: Name of the key that corresponds to ground truth in the batch dictionary.

* **pred_key**: Name of the key that corresponds to predicted score in the batch dictionary.

* **mode**: What mode(s) to execute this Trace in. For example, "train", "eval", "test", or "infer". To execute regardless of mode, pass None. To execute in all modes except for a particular one, you can pass an argument like "!infer" or "!train".

* **output_name**: What to call the output from this trace. If None, the default will be '<pred_key>_calibrated'.

* **save_path**: Where to save the calibrator generated by this Trace. If None, then no saving will be performed.

* **save_if_key**: Name of a key to control whether to save the calibrator. For example "since_best_acc". If provided, then the calibrator will only be saved when the save_if_key value is zero. 

<h3>Raises:</h3>


* **ValueError**: If 'save_if_key' is provided but no 'save_path' is given.

