## BaseNetwork
```python
BaseNetwork(ops:Iterable[Union[fastestimator.op.tensorop.tensorop.TensorOp, fastestimator.schedule.schedule.Scheduler[fastestimator.op.tensorop.tensorop.TensorOp]]]) -> None
```
A base class for Network objects.

Networks are used to define the computation graph surrounding one or more models during training.


#### Args:

* **ops** :  The operators to be executed throughout training / testing / inference. These are likely to contain one or        more model ops, as well as loss ops and update ops.

### get_all_output_keys
```python
get_all_output_keys(self, mode:str, epoch:int) -> Set[str]
```
Get all of the keys that will be generated by the network during the given `epoch` and `mode`.


#### Args:

* **mode** :  The execution mode to consider. One of 'train', 'eval', 'test', or 'infer'.
* **epoch** :  The epoch number to consider when searching for outputs.

#### Returns:
    The keys that will be generated by the network's Ops during the `epoch` for the given `mode`.

### get_effective_input_keys
```python
get_effective_input_keys(self, mode:str, epoch:int) -> Set[str]
```
Determine which keys need to be provided as input to the network during the given `epoch`.


#### Args:

* **mode** :  The execution mode to consider. One of 'train', 'eval', 'test', or 'infer'.
* **epoch** :  The epoch number to consider for determining inputs.

#### Returns:
    The necessary inputs for the network to execute the given `epoch` and `mode`.

### get_loss_keys
```python
get_loss_keys(self) -> Set[str]
```
Find all of the keys associated with model losses.


#### Returns:
    All of the keys associated with model losses in this network.

### get_scheduled_items
```python
get_scheduled_items(self, mode:str) -> List[Any]
```
Get a list of items considered for scheduling.


#### Args:

* **mode** :  Current execution mode.

#### Returns:
    List of schedulable items in Network.

### load_epoch
```python
load_epoch(self, mode:str, epoch:int, output_keys:Union[Set[str], NoneType]=None, warmup:bool=False) -> None
```
Prepare the network to run a given epoch and mode.

This method is necessary since schedulers and op mode restrictions may result in different computation graphs
every epoch.


#### Args:

* **mode** :  The mode to prepare to execute. One of 'train', 'eval', 'test', or 'infer'.
* **epoch** :  The epoch to prepare to execute.
* **output_keys** :  What keys must be moved from the GPU back to the CPU after executing a step.
* **warmup** :  Whether to prepare to execute it warmup mode or not (end users can likely ignore this argument).

### run_step
```python
run_step(self, batch:Dict[str, Any]) -> Tuple[Dict[str, Any], Dict[str, Any]]
```
Run a forward step through the Network on a batch of data.

Implementations of this method within derived classes should handle bringing the prediction data back from the
(multi-)GPU environment to the CPU. This method expects that Network.load_epoch() has already been invoked.


#### Args:

* **batch** :  The batch of data serving as input to the Network.

#### Returns:
    (batch_data, prediction_data)

### transform
```python
transform(self, data:Dict[str, Any], mode:str, epoch:int=1) -> Dict[str, Any]
```
Run a forward step through the Network on an element of data.


#### Args:

* **data** :  The element to data to use as input.
* **mode** :  The mode in which to run the transform. One of 'train', 'eval', 'test', or 'infer'.
* **epoch** :  The epoch in which to run the transform.

#### Returns:
    (batch_data, prediction_data)

### unload_epoch
```python
unload_epoch(self) -> None
```
Clean up the network after running an epoch.
        